CHASE FREEDOM RISE® CREDIT CARD
Product Disclosure — Compliant Sample

RATES AND FEES SUMMARY

Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for Purchases: 26.99% variable
APR for Cash Advances: 29.99% variable
Annual Fee: None
Foreign Transaction Fee: None
Late Payment Fee: Up to $40
Returned Payment Fee: Up to $40
Balance Transfer Fee: N/A (balance transfers not available on this product)

HOW YOUR VARIABLE RATE IS DETERMINED
Your purchase APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.

GRACE PERIOD
You will not be charged interest on purchases if you pay your entire
balance by the due date each month. Your due date is at least 21 days
after the close of each billing cycle.

MINIMUM PAYMENT
Your minimum payment will be the greater of $25 or 1% of your statement
balance plus any interest and fees charged that billing period.

REWARDS
  • 1.5% cash back on all purchases
  • Cash Back rewards do not expire as long as your account is open
  • No minimum redemption amount
  • Automatic statement credit redemption available

CREDIT BUILDING FEATURES
  • Free credit score via Chase Credit Journey®
  • On-time payment benefits: After 12 months of on-time payments, Chase
    will consider you for a credit limit increase and a lower APR

EQUAL CREDIT OPPORTUNITY NOTICE
The Federal Equal Credit Opportunity Act prohibits creditors from
discriminating against credit applicants on the basis of race, color,
religion, national origin, sex, marital status, age (provided the
applicant has the capacity to enter into a binding contract); because
all or part of the applicant's income derives from any public assistance
program; or because the applicant has in good faith exercised any right
under the Consumer Credit Protection Act.

The federal agency that administers compliance with this law concerning
this creditor is the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Customer
Assistance Group, 1301 McKinney Street, Suite 3450, Houston, TX 77010.

SCRA DISCLOSURE
If you are or become a covered servicemember or dependent under the
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (SCRA), you may request a reduction
in your interest rate to 6% per year on balances accrued before your
active duty military service. Contact us at 1-800-432-3117.

BILLING RIGHTS SUMMARY (FCBA)
In case of errors or questions about your bill, contact us at the
address on your statement. You must contact us no later than 60 days
after we sent you the first bill on which the error appeared.

CREDIT REPORTING
We may report information about your account to credit bureaus. Late
payments, missed payments, or other defaults on your account may be
reflected in your credit report. If you believe we have inaccurate
information about your account, contact us promptly. Our contact
information is on the back of your card.

© 2025 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. — Compliant Sample for Testing Purposes
